Update 104-datastructures-and-algorithms.md (#2950)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/116-aspnet-core/content/101-general-development-skills/104-datastructures-and-algorithms.md

> # Datastructures and algorithms
> Here are some resources to learn about the data structures and algorithms in C#:
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://dev.to/adavidoaiei/fundamental-data-structures-and-algorithms-in-c-4ocf'>C# resources</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.csharpstar.com/csharp-algorithms/'>Interview Questions about Data Structures</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Data Structures

As the name indicates, a **Data Structure** is a way of organizing the data in the **memory** so it can be used efficiently. Some common data structures are array, linked list, stack, hashtable, queue, tree, heap, and graph.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/data-structures'>What are Data Structures?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.javatpoint.com/data-structure-tutorial'> Data Structures and Algorithms</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rhT3P1MDHk&list=PLkZYeFmDuaN2-KUIv-mvbjfKszIGJ4FaY'>Data Structures Illustrated</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://dev.to/adavidoaiei/fundamental-data-structures-and-algorithms-in-c-4ocf'>C# resources</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.csharpstar.com/csharp-algorithms/'>Interview Questions about Data Structures</BadgeLink>
```
